{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Useful basic explanation article. \
1. https://towardsdatascience.com/building-a-question-answering-system-part-1-9388aadff507\
\
Basic video but good!!\
2. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7LvAG1jKkc\
\
Detailed tutorial\
3. https://towardsdatascience.com/the-definitive-guide-to-bi-directional-attention-flow-d0e96e9e666b\
\
Bidaf.  Super good!!!!!!!!\
4. https://towardsdatascience.com/the-definitive-guide-to-bi-directional-attention-flow-d0e96e9e666b\
\
https://allenai.github.io/bi-att-flow/\
\
Attention video very good!!!!!\
5. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iDulhoQ2pro&t=768s\
\
Glove dataset\
6. https://nlp.stanford.edu/projects/glove/\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 	
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs26 \cf0 Glossary\
Context : the accompanying text to a query that contains an answer to that query\
Query : the question to which the model is supposed to give an answer\
Answer : a substring of the Context that contains information that can answer the query. This substring is to be extracted out by the model.\
T : the number of words in the Context\
J : the number of words in the Query\
U : the original Context matrix that encapsulates the semantic, syntactic and contextual meaning of query words. U has a dimension of 2d-by-J\
H : the original Context matrix that encapsulates the semantic, syntactic and Contextual meaning of Context words. H has a dimension of 2d-by-T\
S : the similarity matrix that records the similarity between each Context word and each query word. S has a dimension of T-by-J (number of words in the Context by number of words in the Query).\
\uc0\u945  : the comparison function used to get similarity values in S.\
A : the matrix that results from the row-wise softmax of A and indicates which query words are the most relevant to each Context word. A has a dimension of T-by-J.\
z : the column vector obtained by taking the maximum across row of the similarity matrix S. z has a dimension of T-by-1.\
b : an attention distribution vector that comes as the result of applying softmax to z. b has a dimension of T-by-1.\
\uc0\u293  : an attention output obtained by multiplying b with Context matrix H. \u293  has a dimension of 2d-by-1.\
\uc0\u360  : Context matrix that encapsulates the relevance of each query word to each Context word. \u360  has a dimension of 2d-by-T.\
\uc0\u292  : Context matrix that encapsulates the information about the most important words in the Context with respect to the query. \u292  has a dimension of 2d-by-T.\
G : a big, 8d-by-T matrix that contains all information in H, \uc0\u360  and \u292 . G is the input to the modeling layer.\
\uc0\u946  : a custom concatenation function used to build G\
}